shorten hand it over hand it over I got
a short Murphy I guess sure Murphy kind
of a short movie that other time oh yeah
no no no get out there
oh my gank I like you bring it on
hey go to the skank fight big fight oh
yeah a skank back okay Chris you're
gonna have to get off dum-dum don't Oh
Chris can't get off yeah why did I turn
that little yeah okay I don't want to be
what the night look you guys calm the
hell down
gimme thank you Oh who's got em I am
thank you
gimme gimme God okay are we good yes
what there's a branch through a flail
the flower just took my god who the fuck
is Gothic TT not I that's who
not i okay are we good okay okay
but Jesus place most people oh we re
online final area but the goal is to get
to live a dead good today but I think
we've only got one more stage in this
area to guess which one it is
oh it's not Castle Rock it's another
short one it is yeah fucking serious
here hey you already got a short one two
short ones makes a hole one sentence
right two short stick along that's how
it works in biology
okay that's science I cannot be Murphy
all right it won't let me
we have this oh my god damn sure so or
old man but we hit each other that sucks
no look text yeah we did it but we don't
need each other with the fist with the
fist is oh um oh um yeah okay um you can
see it won't let me be Murphy so huh I
could get even again I just got small
one this is a Murphy it's not Murphy mr.
Murphy it's not a birth this is a Murphy
it does not count as an mom how do we
shoot your Murphy
oh god you can't hit the fireballs I'm
out
oh I'm dead if we don't get it yet we
have to wait for our chance to hit I'm
dead again like I know he's gonna come
back he's gonna you know laughing Jimmy
go laughing allow it you said her name
said the name
my teeth I know oh yeah don't you get me
just leave me I want to be safe I'm
kidding I would push the crap out of him
what are we gonna do it from up there
that's why I try to do and then someone
hit me oh crap
where am i I don't know where I'm at are
you okay you just have to play this like
bullet hell yeah this isn't gonna it's
not gonna head well there's five of us -
its Foley - threw myself up the end take
this fuck why do you keep going off the
edge I just oh this is it but I want
that for ideally save save save see go
someplace that you can be saying oh god
why my stage move
why must stage move died no big surprise
mom is just a you are saving me as I
fell off the edge
pipin loves the reason why we're alive
honestly she was down there Kate and
someone just slashed me off the edge I
think you rescue let's feel trippity
rescue everybody I can't tell which way
I'm facing anymore
I didn't know where I'm at okay thir
fighter what's going on
take it off oh shit on global shit fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
yah yah yah yah yah yah oh if we win I
don't know I wouldn't be up there now
though that out there I want to be out
there fighting there's a battle going on
I'm serious it's knocking down buildings
way up saying I like the music his kazoo
kind of just stops did someone just bail
out of like haha I don't even know whose
dick it looked like the enemies were
fighting themselves oh yeah wait yeah
everybody together one two three oh it's
so much s clothesline up there and a
little piggy he goes right into the but
not and he still fell in a hole the hell
I can't I'm gonna say the name all right
yeah is that the end did we beat it yeah
that's the end of the game you special
for watching everybody
bye it's excellent a little sure I'm so
glad I get to do another scratch but we
still have one more stage the Castle
Rock stage of this world or whatever
yeah of this world or whatever I don't
know what it is we're in a painting and
it's not Mario 64 I just I don't know
anymore now we get to see what happens
when you get blue one
give us a dgz one bullying you good to
be roughing you test you think oh all
right oh it's me
you know no yeah and then you I hope to
chew my Daisy now have to choose between
my mom oh it gets pretty good
so that truth comes out that he's your
best friend you got to do it in the beat
now oh good jump into the castle rock
stage let's go I don't know how mom you
get to control your character